# SSCP - 2014-2015 Thunder Hill Debrief

# 2014-2015 Thunder Hill Debrief

August 24 2015 Arctan Thunder Hill testing.

Thunder hill testing was shared with DDL so were we assigned turn 7 in four separate 30- minute slots. 

The objective of thunder hill testing was to let all drivers pass the braking test at speed. We were allocated four 30-minute track slots and we had four drivers so each driver was to be given opportunities to repeat the brake test until she had a good feeling for the braking ability of Arctan. Only having one turn of the track and being constrained to short test intervals meant that this was the only test we could do. 

The test was set up for the car to gain speed coming down turn 7 and perform the braking in the straight between turn 7 and 8. The team set up cones to indicate the start of braking and measured each braking distance from the cone to the location that the car stopped. 

The first test window with the first driver (we put our driver with track experience in first, a Luminos driver who had previous WSC experience) went very smoothly. We targeted braking at 50kph as set by the WSC regulations and the driver was able to progressively brake harder for a few attempts until she was able to comfortably satisfy the minimum braking distance without aggressively locking the wheels. Now knowing that the car could meet the 50kph braking requirement, we attempted the 100kph braking requirement which was the maximum required by the WSC regulations. On this attempt the car was able to make it to 86kph by the time it passed the first cone, and the driver stated that the distance of straight track coming out of the turn was limited so it was hard to get to 100kph after being cautious of the turn. Our 30-minute test window then expired and we had to return to the pits.

The second test window with the second driver went similarly for the 50kph brake testing, with the driver iterating a few runs to get to a successful brake test distance. With this completed we then attempted the 100kph testing and the on the first attempt the driver spun the car on the track exiting the turn. As the car was spinning it went off the pavement into the dirt on the right side of the track where it struck an unfortunately located fire extinguisher. Fortunately nobody was hurt and the car suffered no damage other than surface layer carbon cuts from impacting the fire extinguisher (picture attached). The team was shaken because the car had come spinning off the track in the direction of where members had been standing taking pictures and come dangerously close. We immediately realized the very poor choice of being close to the track and required everyone to be behind the tire barriers. With the 30 minute test window ending we drove the car back to the pits to check for damage and reorganize. More commentary regarding this incident follows after a quick description of the remainder of testing. 

Before the third and fourth test windows we performed a full mechanical check on the car and found no issues. The third and fourth drivers then both had flawless tests with both drivers able quickly learn and pass the 50kph braking test. With our previous experience that 100kph was not appropriate to test on this stretch of track we did not attempt the 100kph test anymore. 

The problem that led us to unpredictably spinning the solar car was tunnel vision on brake testing. We had the objective that we were going to do brake distance testing with the stretch of track given to us and do it quickly to fit inside of the time window. We did not consider sufficiently that the segment of track assigned to us was wholly inappropriate to do high speed testing in an solar car as it required the car to gain speed downhill then make a sharp turn into the braking straight. Later driving down the same stretch of track with the van we realized how ridiculous that turn was- there was no way we could make it at 60mph in the van and we had unintentionally attempted it in the solar car in order to get to speed for 100kph brake testing. This is completely our fault and an oversight of planning that we even tried to have the car reach 100kph with the turn involved- the car cannot reach 100kph without going downhill or a tailwind and it cannot complete a turn this sharp at high speed. Simply put, we failed to realized that the piece of track assigned to us that day wouldn't work for the test we had planned for beforehand, just being at the track did not mean our tests were ready to go. 

The wrong test being set up on the wrong part of the track put us in this position to fail but our overconfidence with the car allowed problems to happen. We have been around the car for so long building and testing it that we've grown comfortable with it. We've been on the roadside as the car passed by highway speeds plenty of times before so we thought this run would be no different- except that in hindsight it is a no-brainer to stay behind the tire wall when a track car is on the track, and even more so with an experimental solar car. We were too confident in our driving ability- we simply cannot go that fast on an unfamiliar track and expect to drive like professional race drivers. At all stages we need to guarantee that the safety of the team and the car is the paramount priority and we need our drivers to be humbly cautious and comfortable with backing off if they have reservations. With all this being said the mishap was a massively valuable reminder at the cost of some bondo repairs to wake us up to be super careful and respectful of safety as we head to Australia. 

One thing that did disappoint me was the response of some alumni and rumor mill that started right after Thunder Hill. By the time word got back to the solar car shop it was being said that we suffered an engineering failure and were trying to cover it up. On the contrary, upon returning our race crew immediately informed members who had not gone to Thunder hill of the news with the caution to not carelessly spread it due to risk sensitivity. SSCP has had to be extremely sensitive with risk recently and some of you may know that Guillermo and I have worked endlessly this past month trying to assure the University that we should be allowed to use batteries, should be allowed to air ship a car, and should be allowed to design systems without University design reviews. Because the solarcore email list is so wide we had reservations that speculation would go in the wrong direction and the wrong people could get the idea that what we are doing is too dangerous. This combined with the fact that our team is leaving for the mock race tomorrow and shipping the car in 6 days meant that we wanted time to have a team meeting, think things through, and still get the car finished in time. We remembered that the incidents where Luminos slid off the public highway and spun on the track were handled sensitively and tactfully and hoped to do the same. However, in the end, the sensational response that we were hoping to avoid still happened and was nonconstructive to the little time we have remaining. This information was always meant to be disclosed but the timing was not right. If there are more opinions they are welcome to be shared at the meeting today or passed along, but please do respect the unfortunate politics of solar car administrative risk. 

[](https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=1sYoRa7JmZEd_SdN_PQx2h79En1e8LHfk)

### Embedded Google Drive File

Google Drive File: [Embedded Content](https://drive.google.com/embeddedfolderview?id=1sYoRa7JmZEd_SdN_PQx2h79En1e8LHfk#list)

<iframe width="100%" height="400" src="https://drive.google.com/embeddedfolderview?id=1sYoRa7JmZEd_SdN_PQx2h79En1e8LHfk#list" frameborder="0"></iframe>

