# 2014-2015-peg-legs

## SSCP - 2014-2015 Peg Legs

## 2014-2015 Peg Legs

front axle center is positioned 2" ahead of the rod end, and the wheelbase (axle center to center) is 78.74".

this puts the rear axle center at 2.76" ahead of the rear rod ends if the distance between the front and rear rod ends is 79.5" as described in the drawing.

Ryan,

Not sure if you remember me - my name is Nathan Golshan, and i'm the current mechanical lead for the team, as well as the designer of the aerobody. I have made some fixtures to get our car mounted in the tunnel, and I just wanted to run their design by you to see what you thought.

The mounts are made of laminated 18mm birch plywood - not metal, i know, but it's nicely made and plenty overbuilt. I've attached a drawing of the general scheme. The upright has a bolt pattern for our motors/hubs that's the same at each wheel, and all i've done is made a connection between that bolt pattern and the rod ends at the floor. The front left and right look exactly like the drawing, and the rear has a 1.5" long horizontal slot in place of the .75" rod end hole, to give us some tolerance in wheelbase.

As you might have gathered, we will just be running with these mounts in the place of wheels. we may make simple replicas of the wheels out of closed cell foam or something similar, to stick out the bottom of the fairings where the tires would have been.

I've accounted for the difference in both track and wheelbase with these fixture plates. I wasn't sure when i designed these if you had wheelbase adjustment in the tunnel, so i just designed to the exact dimensions that were in the drawing you sent Wesley some time ago (attached). It looks like we have adjustment on both your end and ours, so I think we'll be just fine there.&#x20;

Let me know if you have any comments or suggestions. See you guys soon, excited to see how the new design does.

Cheers,

Nathan

#### Embedded Google Drive File

Google Drive File: [Embedded Content](https://drive.google.com/embeddedfolderview?id=10h_btwypKo7lMSTmPP4lRdhEcVjrrN4s#list)
