# SSCP - 18-02-18 Update

# 18-02-18 Update

----------------------------------

Aero

Key Points:

* Surfacing in full swing
* Goal for first car: Thursday, March 1st. 

Surfacing in full swing

Goal for first car: Thursday, March 1st. 

Wins:

* Starting to see some Solidworks surfaces!
* Yuji found a way to nose a car in NX
* Chris signed the Pointwise letter, it's been submitted

Starting to see some Solidworks surfaces!

Yuji found a way to nose a car in NX

Chris signed the Pointwise letter, it's been submitted

Losses:

* Losses are just future wins.

Losses are just future wins.

Array

Key Points:

* Building flash tester structure
* Testing for SH coating

Building flash tester structure

Testing for SH coating

Wins:

* Brought tester over from Shriram to look through manual for structure design

Brought tester over from Shriram to look through manual for structure design

Losses:

* Initial testing for coating did not give conclusive results, need to continue testing

Initial testing for coating did not give conclusive results, need to continue testing

Business

Key Points:

* Need pictures of people for the website
* Need pictures of people for the website

* Need pictures of people for the website

Need pictures of people for the website

Wins:

* I have pictures of some people for the website
* I have pictures of some people for the website

* I have pictures of some people for the website

I have pictures of some people for the website

Losses:

* I don't have pictures of most people for the website
* I don't have pictures of most people for the website

* I don't have pictures of most people for the website

I don't have pictures of most people for the website

Code

Key Points:

* Telemetry and monitoring is coming along and we are using the extra time before the test drive to get more telemetry things done
* We are training new members on embedded and Arvind made his first embedded code fix to the codebase last week and Sabrina and Ella worked last Saturday to fix GPS!

Telemetry and monitoring is coming along and we are using the extra time before the test drive to get more telemetry things done

We are training new members on embedded and Arvind made his first embedded code fix to the codebase last week and Sabrina and Ella worked last Saturday to fix GPS!

Wins:

* Car is fixed up and ready to go with GPS working!
* Basic telemetry is tested on the car outputting to CSV and we have more time to get more things done there
* New members are killin it!

Car is fixed up and ready to go with GPS working!

Basic telemetry is tested on the car outputting to CSV and we have more time to get more things done there

New members are killin it!

Losses:

* All we do is win (this week)

All we do is win (this week)

Electrical

Key Points:

* Improving lights design
* New members getting oriented with Altium

Improving lights design

New members getting oriented with Altium

Wins:

* Paperwork to renew Altium license submitted and approved
* Selected and simulated lights controller (LT3492)
* Began schematic and PCB design for lights test board

Paperwork to renew Altium license submitted and approved

Selected and simulated lights controller (LT3492)

Began schematic and PCB design for lights test board

Losses:

* Altium license renewal not yet reflected in AltiumLive account but should be soon.(Will reach out later this week if necessary.)
* (Will reach out later this week if necessary.)

Altium license renewal not yet reflected in AltiumLive account but should be soon.

* (Will reach out later this week if necessary.)

(Will reach out later this week if necessary.)

Mechanical + Composites

Key Points:

* Gantt Chart for mule car
* Mule car chassis and suspension meetings scheduled
* Suspension explanation presentation made
* Starting suspension iterations

Gantt Chart for mule car

Mule car chassis and suspension meetings scheduled

Suspension explanation presentation made

Starting suspension iterations

Wins:

* Plan for mule car

Plan for mule car

Losses:

* PDM is not cooperating?

PDM is not cooperating?

Strategy

Key Points:

* Last week we started discussing broad approaches to strategy
* We will mee tomorrow (I think) to debrief strategy from last cycle and to begin planning from this cycle.

Last week we started discussing broad approaches to strategy

We will mee tomorrow (I think) to debrief strategy from last cycle and to begin planning from this cycle.

Wins:

* Not much going on yet

Not much going on yet

Losses:

* Not much going on yet

Not much going on yet

