# team-outreach

## SSCP - Team Outreach

## Team Outreach

Over the course of a year, the Solar Car Project will be invited to many outreach events. Unfortunately, it is difficult to convince team members to attend outreach events since everyone is busy with school or work depending on the time of the year. The team leadership should feel free to say no to outreach event invitations when there isn't a strong incentive for the team to attend. If members aren't interested in the event they won't sign up, and many will even bail at the last minute after signing up. Below is a list of over two dozen of the outreach events that the team attended or received an invitation to. This is way to many events to attend in the future. Just pick three or four non-corporate sponsor events to attend per year.

* SURPS event for the VPUE's office: October 4th. The VPUE is a large sponsor so go ahead and attend. This will be during homecoming weekend at the Alumni Center, so this is a good event to attend. Alumni are often interested in supporting our team.Xenith at another VPUE event around April 28th. This will be at the same time as admit weekend. This is only a medium yield event for the team. In 2012, our car was placed at the base of the spiral staircase near Tresidder. A lot of parents visited our car, but not that many students found our project. You need to do at least one VPUE event each year, but this one isn't perfect.Maker Faire: May 18-20: The team historically attends this event, but I (Wesley) would recommend not attending the event in the future. It is close to the end of the quarter, so students are always busy. In 2010 plenty of students showed up for the first day of Maker Faire, but on Sunday everyone but NHS and Rachel bailed. The team failed to display the car on the second day. In 2011, the team only signed up for one day of Maker Faire: anticipating low attendance on Sunday. Still, all of the students who signed up for the event bailed and Wesley had to take Xenith to set up Saturday morning by himself. The team generally doesn't find many sponsors at Maker Faire. It may be possible to inspire young engineers at Maker Faire, but there are plenty of other cool engineering projects at the event. Xenith at TEDxStanford: May 19. The team attended the inaugural event in 2012. The event had low yields for the team. Apogee, and the other automotive vehicles were staged in a courtyard, but all of the event attendees were in a separate courtyard eating h'orderves. Few people actually came to see our car and no one sponsored our team.Presenting for various Stanford classes (e.g. AP208). This might be an OK way to recruit new members, and it might be a good way of getting a prof to owe the team a favor. Presenting for a class may be a medium-low yield event, but they are also easy to facilitate. If you can get the class to come to us at VAIL and if a student on the team is willing to present by themselves then go ahead and do these sorts of events.Presenting for primary school groups, visiting tour groups, automotive representatives that want to visit VAIL. Similar to presenting for a class, these events may not provide a huge benefit for the team, but they are easy. Go ahead and say yes if at least one person is dedicated to showing up. VW Sea Otter Classic: April 21-22Our team ended up doing three events related to VW in 2012. We presented at the VW ERL twice and did a pure PR event for VW in Monterey. The team is obligated to do one corporate event for platinum sponsors, but the Sea Otter Classic was only a medium yield event for the team. Most of the event attendees were there to look at bike races and bike related booths. Few people were there to see VW's cars or a solar car. If VW invites us to an auto show, CES, or another event where people are there to see cars or tech stuff then we should probably go. However, if VW invites us to an event like Sea Otter we should try to ask to attend a different event. The team did not find any sponsors at Sea Otter.Xenith at SunPower: April 20. This was another platinum sponsor corporate event. SunPower offered to help us get their back sheet and new cells, but the promise for new cells fell through. Still, they gave us some valuable advice regarding the use of backsheets. We are obligated to attend these sorts of events, and this one was useful for the team.White Plaza for Admit Weekend: April 27. This is a pretty easy event to attend and it is a nice way to attract new freshmen. However, the fall quarter activities faire is an event better event to attend since everyone there is actually going to Stanford. Admit Weekend event for SoE at Huang: April 27. If you don't have two solar cars you can't do this event since it will probably be at the same time as the admit weekend event. Not many people found our car when we attended this event since most ProFros just went to the White Plaza event. I would recommend not attending this event in the future.MESA Day Outreach at UCSC March 3. The team should do at least one purely educational outreach event to give back to the community. This event was OK, but it was a long drive to Santa Cruz and the team's presentation wasn't perfectly matched for an elementary school audience. Still I _think_ this event targeted underprivileged students so in some ways it may have done more for inspiring students than attending the more affluent schools near campus.Nueva Science, Tech, Engineering, and Math (STEM) This was during winter quarter finals. The date of the Nueva STEM fair is March 17th from noon to 4 pm.  Tejal.Desai@ucsf.eduInvitation to a school in Santa Rosa: This school was way too far away. Even Santa Cruz was a bit far away. Visiting schools that you can bike to is convenient. Elliot Owen has an open invitation for the team to present at Crystal Springs. Speaking at a school in Christchurch. A few members of the team spoke at an elementary school in New Zealand immediately following the race. We talked to one group of talented and gifted type students. That was great; they had insightful questions. We also talked to some first graders, but those students didn't really understand what our race in Australia was. Events for CARS or REVS: Every couple of months, Adele, Sven, Chris, or others will organize some sort of public event at VAIL. These can be pretty useful since you are free to actively recruit potential sponsors, the attendees care about Stanford and automotive stuff, and they are super close to campus. you can generally attend all of these events as long as one or two people are free. Often you get free food and drinks.Intersolar and SEMICon: June 19-21. This was by far the best event of the year. Logistics were extremely challenging since Wesley tried and successfully managed to get Intersolar to pay for shipping our team trailer and solar car from North Carolina to the Bay Area. In the future, as long as you know that the solar car will be in California the week of the event you should be good to go to attend. The event attracts all of the companies that we want to sponsor us. In 2012 we were placed right at the entrance of the conference, so we had a lot of foot traffic. Have a few people with the car, but send everyone else on the team out to the booths to drum up business and to see the latest tech in the PV and PV related Semiconductor industry. The team found a lot of sponsors and new tech at the event.Invitation to present the car at Fisherman's Wharf in SF. The team declined in 2012 because the Red and White fleet weren't willing to sponsor at the Gold+ level. Don't attend this sort of thing unless someone is sponsoring you with a large donation. Only go to SF for something like Intersolar or maybe a car show.Fall Quarter Activities Fair: You should probably attend this every year. You'll recruit a few students, and having the solar car in White Plaza is good for reminding everyone that the team exists.Putting the car in White Plaza during special fees season: Students always overwhelmingly approve the SSCP budget, but it is fun to go on a cruise to White Plaza. ST invited us to an ARM processor conference: The conference is probably a good event for the team to attend (similar to the way Intersolar is a good event to attend). However, ST somehow manages to extract a lot of benefits from the team for only being a friends level sponsor. Consider going with ST if ST is willing to pay all of your expenses. However, doing so might be encouraging ST to ask for more from our team without giving more. See if there is another way to get into the conference for free. Intersolar and SEMICON let us in for free and they even paid us to attend.Greg and Sam presented for an ST webconference in the winter. Again, ST gets a lot of perks for only being a base tier sponsor. We got invited to attend the grand opening of some startup in Palo Alto, and we receive other random PR requests like this on a somewhat regular basis. If the company isn't a $25,000+ sponsor and if the team isn't highly likely to find a $25,000+ sponsor at the event then don't attend.Various student organizations on campus will invite the team to present or table for their events. Most of the requests come from sustainability focused groups on campus. Attending is up to you, but keep in mind the number of requests that you may receive over the course of a cycle. I would recommend saying no, since White Plaza admit weekend and activity fair weekends have much higher attendance rates. Examples: Fall Sustainability Welcome Reception October 18.The team leadership might be invited to various student focus panels or to present at events for NSO. Attending is up to the particular student who was invited.The team will also receive invitations to PV and semiconductor conferences all across the globe. We are on a bunch of directories after Intersolar. Just say no or ignore the emails; they are spam.SLAC hosts an annual Science Faire. It was on October 27, expecting approximately 600 people, majority of them high school students. Farah invited us in 2012, but our team has declined for the last two years. This would be a nice event to attend in the future since it is close to campus.
* SURPS event for the VPUE's office: October 4th. The VPUE is a large sponsor so go ahead and attend. This will be during homecoming weekend at the Alumni Center, so this is a good event to attend. Alumni are often interested in supporting our team.
* Xenith at another VPUE event around April 28th. This will be at the same time as admit weekend. This is only a medium yield event for the team. In 2012, our car was placed at the base of the spiral staircase near Tresidder. A lot of parents visited our car, but not that many students found our project. You need to do at least one VPUE event each year, but this one isn't perfect.
* Maker Faire: May 18-20: The team historically attends this event, but I (Wesley) would recommend not attending the event in the future. It is close to the end of the quarter, so students are always busy. In 2010 plenty of students showed up for the first day of Maker Faire, but on Sunday everyone but NHS and Rachel bailed. The team failed to display the car on the second day. In 2011, the team only signed up for one day of Maker Faire: anticipating low attendance on Sunday. Still, all of the students who signed up for the event bailed and Wesley had to take Xenith to set up Saturday morning by himself. The team generally doesn't find many sponsors at Maker Faire. It may be possible to inspire young engineers at Maker Faire, but there are plenty of other cool engineering projects at the event.&#x20;
* Xenith at TEDxStanford: May 19. The team attended the inaugural event in 2012. The event had low yields for the team. Apogee, and the other automotive vehicles were staged in a courtyard, but all of the event attendees were in a separate courtyard eating h'orderves. Few people actually came to see our car and no one sponsored our team.
* Presenting for various Stanford classes (e.g. AP208). This might be an OK way to recruit new members, and it might be a good way of getting a prof to owe the team a favor. Presenting for a class may be a medium-low yield event, but they are also easy to facilitate. If you can get the class to come to us at VAIL and if a student on the team is willing to present by themselves then go ahead and do these sorts of events.
* Presenting for primary school groups, visiting tour groups, automotive representatives that want to visit VAIL. Similar to presenting for a class, these events may not provide a huge benefit for the team, but they are easy. Go ahead and say yes if at least one person is dedicated to showing up.&#x20;
* VW Sea Otter Classic: April 21-22Our team ended up doing three events related to VW in 2012. We presented at the VW ERL twice and did a pure PR event for VW in Monterey. The team is obligated to do one corporate event for platinum sponsors, but the Sea Otter Classic was only a medium yield event for the team. Most of the event attendees were there to look at bike races and bike related booths. Few people were there to see VW's cars or a solar car. If VW invites us to an auto show, CES, or another event where people are there to see cars or tech stuff then we should probably go. However, if VW invites us to an event like Sea Otter we should try to ask to attend a different event. The team did not find any sponsors at Sea Otter.
* Xenith at SunPower: April 20. This was another platinum sponsor corporate event. SunPower offered to help us get their back sheet and new cells, but the promise for new cells fell through. Still, they gave us some valuable advice regarding the use of backsheets. We are obligated to attend these sorts of events, and this one was useful for the team.
* White Plaza for Admit Weekend: April 27. This is a pretty easy event to attend and it is a nice way to attract new freshmen. However, the fall quarter activities faire is an event better event to attend since everyone there is actually going to Stanford.&#x20;
* Admit Weekend event for SoE at Huang: April 27. If you don't have two solar cars you can't do this event since it will probably be at the same time as the admit weekend event. Not many people found our car when we attended this event since most ProFros just went to the White Plaza event. I would recommend not attending this event in the future.
* MESA Day Outreach at UCSC March 3. The team should do at least one purely educational outreach event to give back to the community. This event was OK, but it was a long drive to Santa Cruz and the team's presentation wasn't perfectly matched for an elementary school audience. Still I _think_ this event targeted underprivileged students so in some ways it may have done more for inspiring students than attending the more affluent schools near campus.
* Nueva Science, Tech, Engineering, and Math (STEM) This was during winter quarter finals. The date of the Nueva STEM fair is March 17th from noon to 4 pm.  Tejal.Desai@ucsf.edu
* Invitation to a school in Santa Rosa: This school was way too far away. Even Santa Cruz was a bit far away. Visiting schools that you can bike to is convenient. Elliot Owen has an open invitation for the team to present at Crystal Springs.&#x20;
* Speaking at a school in Christchurch. A few members of the team spoke at an elementary school in New Zealand immediately following the race. We talked to one group of talented and gifted type students. That was great; they had insightful questions. We also talked to some first graders, but those students didn't really understand what our race in Australia was.&#x20;
* Events for CARS or REVS: Every couple of months, Adele, Sven, Chris, or others will organize some sort of public event at VAIL. These can be pretty useful since you are free to actively recruit potential sponsors, the attendees care about Stanford and automotive stuff, and they are super close to campus. you can generally attend all of these events as long as one or two people are free. Often you get free food and drinks.
* Intersolar and SEMICon: June 19-21. This was by far the best event of the year. Logistics were extremely challenging since Wesley tried and successfully managed to get Intersolar to pay for shipping our team trailer and solar car from North Carolina to the Bay Area. In the future, as long as you know that the solar car will be in California the week of the event you should be good to go to attend. The event attracts all of the companies that we want to sponsor us. In 2012 we were placed right at the entrance of the conference, so we had a lot of foot traffic. Have a few people with the car, but send everyone else on the team out to the booths to drum up business and to see the latest tech in the PV and PV related Semiconductor industry. The team found a lot of sponsors and new tech at the event.
* Invitation to present the car at Fisherman's Wharf in SF. The team declined in 2012 because the Red and White fleet weren't willing to sponsor at the Gold+ level. Don't attend this sort of thing unless someone is sponsoring you with a large donation. Only go to SF for something like Intersolar or maybe a car show.
* Fall Quarter Activities Fair: You should probably attend this every year. You'll recruit a few students, and having the solar car in White Plaza is good for reminding everyone that the team exists.
* Putting the car in White Plaza during special fees season: Students always overwhelmingly approve the SSCP budget, but it is fun to go on a cruise to White Plaza.&#x20;
* ST invited us to an ARM processor conference: The conference is probably a good event for the team to attend (similar to the way Intersolar is a good event to attend). However, ST somehow manages to extract a lot of benefits from the team for only being a friends level sponsor. Consider going with ST if ST is willing to pay all of your expenses. However, doing so might be encouraging ST to ask for more from our team without giving more. See if there is another way to get into the conference for free. Intersolar and SEMICON let us in for free and they even paid us to attend.
* Greg and Sam presented for an ST webconference in the winter. Again, ST gets a lot of perks for only being a base tier sponsor.&#x20;
* We got invited to attend the grand opening of some startup in Palo Alto, and we receive other random PR requests like this on a somewhat regular basis. If the company isn't a $25,000+ sponsor and if the team isn't highly likely to find a $25,000+ sponsor at the event then don't attend.
* Various student organizations on campus will invite the team to present or table for their events. Most of the requests come from sustainability focused groups on campus. Attending is up to you, but keep in mind the number of requests that you may receive over the course of a cycle. I would recommend saying no, since White Plaza admit weekend and activity fair weekends have much higher attendance rates. Examples: Fall Sustainability Welcome Reception October 18.
* The team leadership might be invited to various student focus panels or to present at events for NSO. Attending is up to the particular student who was invited.
* The team will also receive invitations to PV and semiconductor conferences all across the globe. We are on a bunch of directories after Intersolar. Just say no or ignore the emails; they are spam.
* SLAC hosts an annual Science Faire. It was on October 27, expecting approximately 600 people, majority of them high school students. Farah invited us in 2012, but our team has declined for the last two years. This would be a nice event to attend in the future since it is close to campus.
* SURPS event for the VPUE's office: October 4th. The VPUE is a large sponsor so go ahead and attend. This will be during homecoming weekend at the Alumni Center, so this is a good event to attend. Alumni are often interested in supporting our team.
* Xenith at another VPUE event around April 28th. This will be at the same time as admit weekend. This is only a medium yield event for the team. In 2012, our car was placed at the base of the spiral staircase near Tresidder. A lot of parents visited our car, but not that many students found our project. You need to do at least one VPUE event each year, but this one isn't perfect.
* Maker Faire: May 18-20: The team historically attends this event, but I (Wesley) would recommend not attending the event in the future. It is close to the end of the quarter, so students are always busy. In 2010 plenty of students showed up for the first day of Maker Faire, but on Sunday everyone but NHS and Rachel bailed. The team failed to display the car on the second day. In 2011, the team only signed up for one day of Maker Faire: anticipating low attendance on Sunday. Still, all of the students who signed up for the event bailed and Wesley had to take Xenith to set up Saturday morning by himself. The team generally doesn't find many sponsors at Maker Faire. It may be possible to inspire young engineers at Maker Faire, but there are plenty of other cool engineering projects at the event.&#x20;
* Xenith at TEDxStanford: May 19. The team attended the inaugural event in 2012. The event had low yields for the team. Apogee, and the other automotive vehicles were staged in a courtyard, but all of the event attendees were in a separate courtyard eating h'orderves. Few people actually came to see our car and no one sponsored our team.
* Presenting for various Stanford classes (e.g. AP208). This might be an OK way to recruit new members, and it might be a good way of getting a prof to owe the team a favor. Presenting for a class may be a medium-low yield event, but they are also easy to facilitate. If you can get the class to come to us at VAIL and if a student on the team is willing to present by themselves then go ahead and do these sorts of events.
* Presenting for primary school groups, visiting tour groups, automotive representatives that want to visit VAIL. Similar to presenting for a class, these events may not provide a huge benefit for the team, but they are easy. Go ahead and say yes if at least one person is dedicated to showing up.&#x20;
* VW Sea Otter Classic: April 21-22Our team ended up doing three events related to VW in 2012. We presented at the VW ERL twice and did a pure PR event for VW in Monterey. The team is obligated to do one corporate event for platinum sponsors, but the Sea Otter Classic was only a medium yield event for the team. Most of the event attendees were there to look at bike races and bike related booths. Few people were there to see VW's cars or a solar car. If VW invites us to an auto show, CES, or another event where people are there to see cars or tech stuff then we should probably go. However, if VW invites us to an event like Sea Otter we should try to ask to attend a different event. The team did not find any sponsors at Sea Otter.
* Xenith at SunPower: April 20. This was another platinum sponsor corporate event. SunPower offered to help us get their back sheet and new cells, but the promise for new cells fell through. Still, they gave us some valuable advice regarding the use of backsheets. We are obligated to attend these sorts of events, and this one was useful for the team.
* White Plaza for Admit Weekend: April 27. This is a pretty easy event to attend and it is a nice way to attract new freshmen. However, the fall quarter activities faire is an event better event to attend since everyone there is actually going to Stanford.&#x20;
* Admit Weekend event for SoE at Huang: April 27. If you don't have two solar cars you can't do this event since it will probably be at the same time as the admit weekend event. Not many people found our car when we attended this event since most ProFros just went to the White Plaza event. I would recommend not attending this event in the future.
* MESA Day Outreach at UCSC March 3. The team should do at least one purely educational outreach event to give back to the community. This event was OK, but it was a long drive to Santa Cruz and the team's presentation wasn't perfectly matched for an elementary school audience. Still I _think_ this event targeted underprivileged students so in some ways it may have done more for inspiring students than attending the more affluent schools near campus.
* Nueva Science, Tech, Engineering, and Math (STEM) This was during winter quarter finals. The date of the Nueva STEM fair is March 17th from noon to 4 pm.  Tejal.Desai@ucsf.edu
* Invitation to a school in Santa Rosa: This school was way too far away. Even Santa Cruz was a bit far away. Visiting schools that you can bike to is convenient. Elliot Owen has an open invitation for the team to present at Crystal Springs.&#x20;
* Speaking at a school in Christchurch. A few members of the team spoke at an elementary school in New Zealand immediately following the race. We talked to one group of talented and gifted type students. That was great; they had insightful questions. We also talked to some first graders, but those students didn't really understand what our race in Australia was.&#x20;
* Events for CARS or REVS: Every couple of months, Adele, Sven, Chris, or others will organize some sort of public event at VAIL. These can be pretty useful since you are free to actively recruit potential sponsors, the attendees care about Stanford and automotive stuff, and they are super close to campus. you can generally attend all of these events as long as one or two people are free. Often you get free food and drinks.
* Intersolar and SEMICon: June 19-21. This was by far the best event of the year. Logistics were extremely challenging since Wesley tried and successfully managed to get Intersolar to pay for shipping our team trailer and solar car from North Carolina to the Bay Area. In the future, as long as you know that the solar car will be in California the week of the event you should be good to go to attend. The event attracts all of the companies that we want to sponsor us. In 2012 we were placed right at the entrance of the conference, so we had a lot of foot traffic. Have a few people with the car, but send everyone else on the team out to the booths to drum up business and to see the latest tech in the PV and PV related Semiconductor industry. The team found a lot of sponsors and new tech at the event.
* Invitation to present the car at Fisherman's Wharf in SF. The team declined in 2012 because the Red and White fleet weren't willing to sponsor at the Gold+ level. Don't attend this sort of thing unless someone is sponsoring you with a large donation. Only go to SF for something like Intersolar or maybe a car show.
* Fall Quarter Activities Fair: You should probably attend this every year. You'll recruit a few students, and having the solar car in White Plaza is good for reminding everyone that the team exists.
* Putting the car in White Plaza during special fees season: Students always overwhelmingly approve the SSCP budget, but it is fun to go on a cruise to White Plaza.&#x20;
* ST invited us to an ARM processor conference: The conference is probably a good event for the team to attend (similar to the way Intersolar is a good event to attend). However, ST somehow manages to extract a lot of benefits from the team for only being a friends level sponsor. Consider going with ST if ST is willing to pay all of your expenses. However, doing so might be encouraging ST to ask for more from our team without giving more. See if there is another way to get into the conference for free. Intersolar and SEMICON let us in for free and they even paid us to attend.
* Greg and Sam presented for an ST webconference in the winter. Again, ST gets a lot of perks for only being a base tier sponsor.&#x20;
* We got invited to attend the grand opening of some startup in Palo Alto, and we receive other random PR requests like this on a somewhat regular basis. If the company isn't a $25,000+ sponsor and if the team isn't highly likely to find a $25,000+ sponsor at the event then don't attend.
* Various student organizations on campus will invite the team to present or table for their events. Most of the requests come from sustainability focused groups on campus. Attending is up to you, but keep in mind the number of requests that you may receive over the course of a cycle. I would recommend saying no, since White Plaza admit weekend and activity fair weekends have much higher attendance rates. Examples: Fall Sustainability Welcome Reception October 18.
* The team leadership might be invited to various student focus panels or to present at events for NSO. Attending is up to the particular student who was invited.
* The team will also receive invitations to PV and semiconductor conferences all across the globe. We are on a bunch of directories after Intersolar. Just say no or ignore the emails; they are spam.
* SLAC hosts an annual Science Faire. It was on October 27, expecting approximately 600 people, majority of them high school students. Farah invited us in 2012, but our team has declined for the last two years. This would be a nice event to attend in the future since it is close to campus.

SURPS event for the VPUE's office: October 4th. The VPUE is a large sponsor so go ahead and attend. This will be during homecoming weekend at the Alumni Center, so this is a good event to attend. Alumni are often interested in supporting our team.

Xenith at another VPUE event around April 28th. This will be at the same time as admit weekend. This is only a medium yield event for the team. In 2012, our car was placed at the base of the spiral staircase near Tresidder. A lot of parents visited our car, but not that many students found our project. You need to do at least one VPUE event each year, but this one isn't perfect.

Maker Faire: May 18-20: The team historically attends this event, but I (Wesley) would recommend not attending the event in the future. It is close to the end of the quarter, so students are always busy. In 2010 plenty of students showed up for the first day of Maker Faire, but on Sunday everyone but NHS and Rachel bailed. The team failed to display the car on the second day. In 2011, the team only signed up for one day of Maker Faire: anticipating low attendance on Sunday. Still, all of the students who signed up for the event bailed and Wesley had to take Xenith to set up Saturday morning by himself. The team generally doesn't find many sponsors at Maker Faire. It may be possible to inspire young engineers at Maker Faire, but there are plenty of other cool engineering projects at the event.&#x20;

Xenith at TEDxStanford: May 19. The team attended the inaugural event in 2012. The event had low yields for the team. Apogee, and the other automotive vehicles were staged in a courtyard, but all of the event attendees were in a separate courtyard eating h'orderves. Few people actually came to see our car and no one sponsored our team.

Presenting for various Stanford classes (e.g. AP208). This might be an OK way to recruit new members, and it might be a good way of getting a prof to owe the team a favor. Presenting for a class may be a medium-low yield event, but they are also easy to facilitate. If you can get the class to come to us at VAIL and if a student on the team is willing to present by themselves then go ahead and do these sorts of events.

Presenting for primary school groups, visiting tour groups, automotive representatives that want to visit VAIL. Similar to presenting for a class, these events may not provide a huge benefit for the team, but they are easy. Go ahead and say yes if at least one person is dedicated to showing up.&#x20;

VW Sea Otter Classic: April 21-22Our team ended up doing three events related to VW in 2012. We presented at the VW ERL twice and did a pure PR event for VW in Monterey. The team is obligated to do one corporate event for platinum sponsors, but the Sea Otter Classic was only a medium yield event for the team. Most of the event attendees were there to look at bike races and bike related booths. Few people were there to see VW's cars or a solar car. If VW invites us to an auto show, CES, or another event where people are there to see cars or tech stuff then we should probably go. However, if VW invites us to an event like Sea Otter we should try to ask to attend a different event. The team did not find any sponsors at Sea Otter.

Xenith at SunPower: April 20. This was another platinum sponsor corporate event. SunPower offered to help us get their back sheet and new cells, but the promise for new cells fell through. Still, they gave us some valuable advice regarding the use of backsheets. We are obligated to attend these sorts of events, and this one was useful for the team.

White Plaza for Admit Weekend: April 27. This is a pretty easy event to attend and it is a nice way to attract new freshmen. However, the fall quarter activities faire is an event better event to attend since everyone there is actually going to Stanford.&#x20;

Admit Weekend event for SoE at Huang: April 27. If you don't have two solar cars you can't do this event since it will probably be at the same time as the admit weekend event. Not many people found our car when we attended this event since most ProFros just went to the White Plaza event. I would recommend not attending this event in the future.

MESA Day Outreach at UCSC March 3. The team should do at least one purely educational outreach event to give back to the community. This event was OK, but it was a long drive to Santa Cruz and the team's presentation wasn't perfectly matched for an elementary school audience. Still I _think_ this event targeted underprivileged students so in some ways it may have done more for inspiring students than attending the more affluent schools near campus.

Nueva Science, Tech, Engineering, and Math (STEM) This was during winter quarter finals. The date of the Nueva STEM fair is March 17th from noon to 4 pm.  Tejal.Desai@ucsf.edu

Invitation to a school in Santa Rosa: This school was way too far away. Even Santa Cruz was a bit far away. Visiting schools that you can bike to is convenient. Elliot Owen has an open invitation for the team to present at Crystal Springs.&#x20;

Speaking at a school in Christchurch. A few members of the team spoke at an elementary school in New Zealand immediately following the race. We talked to one group of talented and gifted type students. That was great; they had insightful questions. We also talked to some first graders, but those students didn't really understand what our race in Australia was.&#x20;

Events for CARS or REVS: Every couple of months, Adele, Sven, Chris, or others will organize some sort of public event at VAIL. These can be pretty useful since you are free to actively recruit potential sponsors, the attendees care about Stanford and automotive stuff, and they are super close to campus. you can generally attend all of these events as long as one or two people are free. Often you get free food and drinks.

Intersolar and SEMICon: June 19-21. This was by far the best event of the year. Logistics were extremely challenging since Wesley tried and successfully managed to get Intersolar to pay for shipping our team trailer and solar car from North Carolina to the Bay Area. In the future, as long as you know that the solar car will be in California the week of the event you should be good to go to attend. The event attracts all of the companies that we want to sponsor us. In 2012 we were placed right at the entrance of the conference, so we had a lot of foot traffic. Have a few people with the car, but send everyone else on the team out to the booths to drum up business and to see the latest tech in the PV and PV related Semiconductor industry. The team found a lot of sponsors and new tech at the event.

Invitation to present the car at Fisherman's Wharf in SF. The team declined in 2012 because the Red and White fleet weren't willing to sponsor at the Gold+ level. Don't attend this sort of thing unless someone is sponsoring you with a large donation. Only go to SF for something like Intersolar or maybe a car show.

Fall Quarter Activities Fair: You should probably attend this every year. You'll recruit a few students, and having the solar car in White Plaza is good for reminding everyone that the team exists.

Putting the car in White Plaza during special fees season: Students always overwhelmingly approve the SSCP budget, but it is fun to go on a cruise to White Plaza.&#x20;

ST invited us to an ARM processor conference: The conference is probably a good event for the team to attend (similar to the way Intersolar is a good event to attend). However, ST somehow manages to extract a lot of benefits from the team for only being a friends level sponsor. Consider going with ST if ST is willing to pay all of your expenses. However, doing so might be encouraging ST to ask for more from our team without giving more. See if there is another way to get into the conference for free. Intersolar and SEMICON let us in for free and they even paid us to attend.

Greg and Sam presented for an ST webconference in the winter. Again, ST gets a lot of perks for only being a base tier sponsor.&#x20;

We got invited to attend the grand opening of some startup in Palo Alto, and we receive other random PR requests like this on a somewhat regular basis. If the company isn't a $25,000+ sponsor and if the team isn't highly likely to find a $25,000+ sponsor at the event then don't attend.

Various student organizations on campus will invite the team to present or table for their events. Most of the requests come from sustainability focused groups on campus. Attending is up to you, but keep in mind the number of requests that you may receive over the course of a cycle. I would recommend saying no, since White Plaza admit weekend and activity fair weekends have much higher attendance rates. Examples: Fall Sustainability Welcome Reception October 18.

The team leadership might be invited to various student focus panels or to present at events for NSO. Attending is up to the particular student who was invited.

The team will also receive invitations to PV and semiconductor conferences all across the globe. We are on a bunch of directories after Intersolar. Just say no or ignore the emails; they are spam.

SLAC hosts an annual Science Faire. It was on October 27, expecting approximately 600 people, majority of them high school students. Farah invited us in 2012, but our team has declined for the last two years. This would be a nice event to attend in the future since it is close to campus.

#### Embedded Google Drive File

Google Drive File: [Embedded Content](https://drive.google.com/embeddedfolderview?id=1fzU8Pac7tLOyyyKxslWRq3VvhMJWZ7oR#list)
