# SSCP - July 2019

# July 2019

July 2019, Race crew check-in

Hi errybody, happy July! <obligatory pls-read-this-whole-email>

If you haven’t filled out the Round-2 tab on Courtney’s sizing form, DO IT NOW! In general, if we ask for logistics info from the race crew (or send out any team announcements) these need to be treated as time sensitive. Team responsiveness is going to get more and more important the closer we get to racing, so practice being on top of this stuff now.

Please remember to put your flights in the flights spreadsheet so that I can start coordinating car and people pickups: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1_T9uuLIQRira3ZhQ13h5RJrO_QypMBznm-sk-x15ojc/edit#gid=0 

[ https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1_T9uuLIQRira3ZhQ13h5RJrO_QypMBznm-sk-x15ojc/edit#gid=0](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1_T9uuLIQRira3ZhQ13h5RJrO_QypMBznm-sk-x15ojc/edit#gid=0)

Visas

Unless you have special plans for your time in Australia that would require a specific visa, you can probably stick to this one: https://immi.homeaffairs.gov.au/visas/getting-a-visa/visa-listing/electronic-travel-authority-601

[ https://immi.homeaffairs.gov.au/visas/getting-a-visa/visa-listing/electronic-travel-authority-601](https://immi.homeaffairs.gov.au/visas/getting-a-visa/visa-listing/electronic-travel-authority-601)

You would be filling this out as a tourist (not business travel).

Gear and Packing

In terms of big(ish) ticket camping gear you will need to bring: 

* A sleeping bag (rated to medium temps; can get down into the 30s at night in the desert)A sleeping pad or camping mattress (if you have a ‘balloon’ one, bring a patch kit)A camping cup or bowl and a spoon/fork/spork to eat withA quick-dry packable microfiber camping towel, or similar (there are nice ones at REI)A camping pillow is also recommendedGood sunglasses! These are a must. Your face will literally fatigue from squinting if you don’t have them. I recommend polarized ones to cut down on the glare off the road.
* A sleeping bag (rated to medium temps; can get down into the 30s at night in the desert)
* A sleeping pad or camping mattress (if you have a ‘balloon’ one, bring a patch kit)
* A camping cup or bowl and a spoon/fork/spork to eat with
* A quick-dry packable microfiber camping towel, or similar (there are nice ones at REI)
* A camping pillow is also recommended
* Good sunglasses! These are a must. Your face will literally fatigue from squinting if you don’t have them. I recommend polarized ones to cut down on the glare off the road.

* A sleeping bag (rated to medium temps; can get down into the 30s at night in the desert)
* A sleeping pad or camping mattress (if you have a ‘balloon’ one, bring a patch kit)
* A camping cup or bowl and a spoon/fork/spork to eat with
* A quick-dry packable microfiber camping towel, or similar (there are nice ones at REI)
* A camping pillow is also recommended
* Good sunglasses! These are a must. Your face will literally fatigue from squinting if you don’t have them. I recommend polarized ones to cut down on the glare off the road.

A sleeping bag (rated to medium temps; can get down into the 30s at night in the desert)

A sleeping pad or camping mattress (if you have a ‘balloon’ one, bring a patch kit)

A camping cup or bowl and a spoon/fork/spork to eat with

A quick-dry packable microfiber camping towel, or similar (there are nice ones at REI)

A camping pillow is also recommended

Good sunglasses! These are a must. Your face will literally fatigue from squinting if you don’t have them. I recommend polarized ones to cut down on the glare off the road.

The team will provide large shared tents, bug spray, fly net hats, and team cookware.

To carry your gear I recommend bringing a large (55-65 liter) backpacking pack and a smaller daypack to carry with you in the cars. If you don’t want to bring a big pack as your main luggage, please consider a duffel bag instead of a hard suitcase - it will be easier for the team to pack this into our trailers. 

Courtney is trying to get us sleeping bags/pads and backpacking packs for free so if you don’t already own these items, let’s give her another week to try to sort that out before we buy anything, if that’s possible.

If you’re planning on camping elsewhere after the race and don’t want to lug excess personal gear across the Outback and back again, we will probably be able to arrange some storage in Adelaide with our shipping crate.

Maggie or I or both will send out more detailed/itemized personal packing lists a bit later in the summer; also see these pages on the internal site from 2017 and 2013: 

https://sites.google.com/a/stanfordsolarcar.com/sscp/home/sscp-2016-2017/business-logistics-2016-2017/race-organization-2016-2017/travel

[https://sites.google.com/a/stanfordsolarcar.com/sscp/home/sscp-2016-2017/business-logistics-2016-2017/race-organization-2016-2017/travel](/stanford.edu/testduplicationsscp/home/sscp-2016-2017/business-logistics-2016-2017/race-organization-2016-2017/travel)

https://sites.google.com/a/stanfordsolarcar.com/sscp/home/race-planning/world-solar-challenge-2013/personal-wsc-planning-and-packing-tips#TOC-Packing-vs-Packing-Light:

[https://sites.google.com/a/stanfordsolarcar.com/sscp/home/race-planning/world-solar-challenge-2013/personal-wsc-planning-and-packing-tips#TOC-Packing-vs-Packing-Light:](/stanford.edu/testduplicationsscp/home/race-planning/world-solar-challenge-2013/personal-wsc-planning-and-packing-tips)

In general - bring less than you think you need, and remember to bring some warm clothes as well. At a high level, my luggage is going to look something like:

* A set of comfortable clothes that I can layer/work and drive in day-to-dayOne slightly-nicer shirt or set of clothes for when I don’t want to look like trash in citiesLight, comfortable sneakersShower sandals + other sandalsA lot of socks and underwearA knit hat + a baseball capA rainjacket/poncho you’ll have guaranteed 3 race jerseys to rotate through/trade post-race; if you want more, there will be an option to purchase those.
* A set of comfortable clothes that I can layer/work and drive in day-to-day
* One slightly-nicer shirt or set of clothes for when I don’t want to look like trash in cities
* Light, comfortable sneakers
* Shower sandals + other sandals
* A lot of socks and underwear
* A knit hat + a baseball cap
* A rainjacket/poncho 
* you’ll have guaranteed 3 race jerseys to rotate through/trade post-race; if you want more, there will be an option to purchase those.

* A set of comfortable clothes that I can layer/work and drive in day-to-day
* One slightly-nicer shirt or set of clothes for when I don’t want to look like trash in cities
* Light, comfortable sneakers
* Shower sandals + other sandals
* A lot of socks and underwear
* A knit hat + a baseball cap
* A rainjacket/poncho 
* you’ll have guaranteed 3 race jerseys to rotate through/trade post-race; if you want more, there will be an option to purchase those.

A set of comfortable clothes that I can layer/work and drive in day-to-day

One slightly-nicer shirt or set of clothes for when I don’t want to look like trash in cities

Light, comfortable sneakers

Shower sandals + other sandals

A lot of socks and underwear

A knit hat + a baseball cap

A rainjacket/poncho 

you’ll have guaranteed 3 race jerseys to rotate through/trade post-race; if you want more, there will be an option to purchase those.

Sometimes very light longsleeve things are better for the heat and bugs than short sleeves. 

Medication

If you're taking medication, definitely bring this. If it’s prescription meds, remember to bring your prescription paperwork - even if you have plenty for the whole trip, you want to be able to buy more/it could get stuck in customs, etc. 

For toiletries in general, you can count on buying a lot of stuff when you get there. Or bring it. Up to you.

Phones, interwebs, monayyy

You need to register your travel with your bank before you leave or they’ll freeze your debit card and you won’t be able to unfreeze it easily from Australia (speaking from experience). Usually this is an option somewhere in the online banking interface of whatever you use. It’s also smart to bring a couple methods of accessing cash just in case.

It’s important for you to have phone service in Australia! This is really not optional; we the team need to be able to contact you, so you either need to have a functional phone or we’ll zip tie you to someone who does. If you have an unlocked or burner phone, you can get a Telstra SIM card with a pay-as-you-go plan that will run you about $40 AUD/month for text/call/a tiny bit of data. This can be bought in Australia at the grocery store but just keep it in mind as you plan. 

Service in the outback is spotty; many of our lodging locations will have some wifi, but in general expect to be pretty disconnected for much of this trip. When you’re talking with family/friends, please send them an itinerary and say that you’ll check in randomly as you can, but do not tell them that you’re going to call every Monday at 7 because realistically we can’t guarantee perfectly regular service like that. The team will have some kind of intermittent wifi connection out of our chase car, but this is not going to be for personal use except in emergencies.

Do you have a flight and a passport with an expiration date after Feb 2020?

If you’re missing the passport bit, pls talk to me asap.

If you’re missing the flight, please buy a flight.

Test drives are soon!

I’ll be sending out a schedule of test drives to the summer crew shortly. We are trying to do 3 or 4 overnight trips this fall. If anyone is not an experienced trailer driver but wants to work on elevating themselves to trailer whisperer status, send me a ping and I’ll try to work you in for some state-side experience before we get to Oz.

