# SSCP - June 2019

# June 2019

Race Crew Check-in, June 2019

Hi guys! 

This is a pretty long email but please a) read it all and b) take a minute to complete forms etc sometime before the end of this week.  Thanks in advance!

Getting to Australia

If you have not already purchased your flight I would suggest doing so sometime this week or next. Depending on how you feel about long layovers or funny flight times, there are definitely still flights available in the 500-600 dollar range. Reminder that we will reimburse you $300 towards your flights (we will try to get you this money before the race, but it may happen after based on last cycle). Also reminder that nominal arrival dates are between the 1st and 4th of September, landing in Adelaide - I will be available to pick you up from the airport beginning on the 1st. Let’s fill out this spreadsheet with flight itineraries so that it will be easier to coordinate rides etc: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1_T9uuLIQRira3ZhQ13h5RJrO_QypMBznm-sk-x15ojc/edit#gid=0

[ https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1_T9uuLIQRira3ZhQ13h5RJrO_QypMBznm-sk-x15ojc/edit#gid=0](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1_T9uuLIQRira3ZhQ13h5RJrO_QypMBznm-sk-x15ojc/edit#gid=0)

I will send out another email with an example packing list and recommended/required personal gear to bring, as well as information regarding the visa process, sometime mid-July. Unless you are planning to stay and work in Australia post-race, you will just need a standard tourist visa and the process is very simple. I’m acting on the assumption that Maisam is our only non-US citizen so please let me know if that’s not the case! 

Basic Travel Schedule + Accommodations + Food!

You can see the schedule of places we’ll be staying on this page of the internal site: https://sites.google.com/a/stanfordsolarcar.com/sscp/home/sscp-2018-2019/race-effort-2019/lodging

[ https://sites.google.com/a/stanfordsolarcar.com/sscp/home/sscp-2018-2019/race-effort-2019/lodging](/stanford.edu/testduplicationsscp/home/sscp-2018-2019/race-effort-2019/schedule-lodging-in-australia)

While we are staying in Adelaide and Darwin, we will have a mix of either cabins or houses with beds provided. For our second Adelaide location, a couple folks will have to split queen beds since the cabins within our budget range come with sets of 4 bunks and one queen a piece. In Darwin, since the reservation was made so early in the planning process and race crew size/travel dates were still shifting, we’ll probably end up with a similar situation and we won’t have access to one of our cabins for the first couple days of our stay. This shouldn’t be a big deal (still nicer than tents!) but just letting you all know now. 

The rest of the time, we’ll be camping either in campgrounds or on the side of the road. The team will bring a number of very large tents and we’ll group-camp out of these. You’re also free to sleep in the cars or out in the open if you’re more into that.

The team will consistently provide enough basic food to get by, although the quality/variety will depend a lot on whether we’re in a city or in the middle of the Outback. Please fill out this form with dietary preferences/allergies/etc: https://forms.gle/WMfZDzk4iqR89Ypz5

[ https://forms.gle/WMfZDzk4iqR89Ypz5](https://forms.gle/WMfZDzk4iqR89Ypz5)

Driving

We’re about to drive a lot of miles in very remote places with a car we made ourselves! This is exciting and fun and also means that we a) need to be honest with ourselves and our teammates about things like driving comfort, fatigue, and so on; and b) need to not wreck any of the vehicles, especially the solar car. 

Here’s another form to fill out, this one’s quick, sorry and thanks: https://forms.gle/QqRMg8c4j5ZBi5e5A

[ https://forms.gle/QqRMg8c4j5ZBi5e5A](https://forms.gle/QqRMg8c4j5ZBi5e5A)

I’ve already been having conversations with several of you about driving the solar car, based on size of person and size of car. Just so we’re all on the same page, I have not yet made final selections on who will be driving the car. We have four driver spots for the race and more than four people who will fit, so driver selection will be based on 1st, fitting in the car; and 2nd, completing a series of driver training tasks that Kenyon and I are going to set up. We’ll then pick drivers based on who we think will be best able to drive any race situation without placing themselves or the vehicle in danger. 

If you think you probably fit in the car and are interested in driving, we’ll be checking fit in the chassis on either Friday or Saturday and will send out a slack message to let people know. Once we sort out who will fit, we’ll have a meeting with potential drivers on Monday to go over driver training & selection in more detail. 

Last thing - if anyone has any health conditions or concerns related to bush camping for 2 months, please reach out to me and just quickly put me in the loop. Obviously we want our trip to go as smoothly as possible, but I want to make sure the team is adequately prepared for any emergency situations that might pop up, especially given how far away we’ll be from medical care and civilization in general.

As usual, reach out if you have any concerns or logistical questions, and feel free to chat with any of myself/Maggie/Cori if you have general questions about racing. I’ll send out another info dump as we get closer to testing szn (: 

