# SSCP - Xenith Aero Analysis Part 2

# Xenith Aero Analysis Part 2

I met with one of my aerodynamics professors today (Prof. Juan Alonso), and it was a very productive meeting.

A few things that I learned:

The professor thinks that we should put together a presentation (powerpoint slides) that describe the solar car project, what kind of work we do, what systems the car uses, and what work needs to be done. Then we should park the car in front of Durand for an afternoon, give the presentation and try to get people involved. Professor Alonso said he will pass the presentation around beforehand to other professors in the Aero/Astro department, as well as his students to drum up some support. I think this is an excellent idea and has the potential to get some very knowledgeable students and professors on board. Prof. Alonso is the director of the AA department, so people actually listen to him. The Aero/Astro department does a lot more than just Aerodynamics. There are a lot of grad students that work on structures and composites, as well as controls and control algorithms (including health monitoring systems). Professor Alonso would like to see a lot more professor and professional involvement in the solar car team. He is willing to show up every week or two for a bit to discuss aerodynamics, and he has the contacts to get other professors interested in other parts of the car (composites, etc...). He would like to see this happen sometime in January so that we can get things rolling early in the design cycle for the next car. I will put together a template presentation including the Aero section over the next week or so. Then I'll pass it around the team to get the other sections filled in. I would like to get this presentation to him by the end of this year. For this plan to have maximum benefit, the whole team needs to show up, not just a couple stragglers. We need to show that we are a cohesive unit to help draw people in. Also, the team really needs to sit down and have a meeting to figure out what our priorities are. Do you all want to be a research group that produces an advanced car, but not necessarily one that will win, or do you want to be a team that does what it takes and puts up with the pain required to win? This is quite important, because there will be some students and professors that want to win, and some that want to research. However, neither will be happy with the wishy-washy approach the team takes now. I would suggest having this meeting the first week that everyone is back for Winter quarter.

Skirts are a good idea. He agrees with my assessment on how they would work and also that they would provide benefit. However, I learned that the way I set them up in CFD is incorrect. I had applied stagnation pressure underneath the skirts, which he told me is wrong. He expects the pressure under the skirts would be the dynamic pressure (lower). This means that the car is producing quite a bit of downforce that I had not accounted for: 248N (55 lbf). I am unclear though, whether the CFD simulation accounted for the induced drag as a result, or I need to add the induced drag. The induced drag would be ~28N for an airfoil, but that calculation is an approximation at best since the car is not anywhere close to an ideal airfoil. The CFD simulation may very well have accounted for this (my inclination is to think that it did include this), so I would not assume that it didn't. It would be interesting to verify these findings in a wind tunnel.

The professor did not think the stiff suspension and fluttering of the car would cause tons of boundary layer separation or dramatically increase drag. While the flutter is not good, it seems that I over-estimated it's effect.

I talked about active boundary layer control. There are many ways to go about it, the slits method that I have suggested is one. None of them are for the faint of heart, though. They will require multiple wind tunnel sessions to tweak and several trade-studies to determine how much suction is beneficial, and how much laminar flow to achieve. There are also some riblet surface treatments that might help.

Wind tunnel access: Professor Alonso thinks there are a couple of tunnels at Moffet that might work for the car. They are helicopter tunnels, but have many of the features and capabilities we need to test the car. He knows the people to get us into these tunnels (he used to be a director there), but there will be a lot of red tape associated with going. Stanford will have to sign forms and get insurance for the car in the tunnel etc... This might not be worth all the red tape required. He thinks that the tunnels in NC are an excellent idea, as well as the tunnels in Detroit if our agreement with VW doesn't preclude that. There may be another tunnel down in LA owned by Boeing and run by Jacobs. He heard this tunnel might be decommissioned, but could still be operating. Finally, there is prof. Eli Livne at Univ. of Washington that may have a scale tunnel that will suit. It is about 2m X 3m, so it would handle a 1/2 scale model nicely, and can achieve the 100mph speeds we would need for Reynolds number matching. He knows this professor well, so we could probably get in it just for operating cost and without a lot of red tape.

