# SSCP - Lessons Learned Along the Way

# Lessons Learned Along the Way

8/20/15: We saw an array module outputting less power/voltage than you would expect, but still non-zero (usually I'd seen the bypass diodes fail quickly and completely short). Additionally, the diode itself was getting quite hot, indicating there was power being burned in it. I used Sasha's Keithley to sweep the module in 2 states. First, I only connected the Module plus/minus outputs. The module appeared to behave normally. Next, I also connected the bypass line across the two. There was an Isc difference, as well as a radically lower output voltage. My current thinking on the failure mode is this: Before EL testing, the solder joint supposed to connect Module Positive to its board wasn't actually doing so. Without any module connection, the EL sweeping of that entire string should have shown nothing (no power should have gone through). However, since we have EL data from the other module in that string, I believe that the power supply used for EL testing was set to a sufficiently high voltage so as to exceed the maximum reverse voltage threshhold of the TI smart diode (~40V). When that happened, current began flowing backwards through that diode. Since that diode is actually a FET, I believe that perhaps the internal gate drive circuitry was damaged in some way, such that the FET is put into linear region (as opposed to a failure of the FET itself which usually results in a dead short). The board was pulled, and will be replaced. 

