# 2013\_01\_21-january-21-2013

## SSCP - 2013\_01\_21 January 21 2013

## 2013\_01\_21 January 21 2013

#### Notes from Wesley

Hi guys and gals,

I pulled the module that you made tonight off its glass just so it doesn't get damaged. It looked great! It's definitely one of the best the team has made this year. I had a few suggestions and things that I noticed while taking the module off.

1. Continue to be extremely precise with the alignment of all of your cells and the encapsulant materials. The cells weren't perfectly aligned this time, but I don't think they are actually touching in any places. If you can have consistent 1mm spacing between cells that would be even better. Some of the gaps were a bit big, and some of the cells were too close together for comfort.
2. Make sure cells don't extend off the Madico backsheet. There is one cell in the corner that may be sticking out too far. I realize you may already know this and I know it is hard to get things to stay aligned some times once you pull vacuum on the stack.
3. Make sure you leave plenty of peel ply under the module. The yellow acrylic tape you all put down was really close to the module and that made pulling up the module difficult.

3b) I have a suggestion for you all to try since I know you don't have adequate space along the long edge of the modules for peel ply runoff AND vacuum tape. I think it may be possible for you to actually tape the vacuum bag to the bottom side of the substrate glass instead of the top side like we usually do. I'll attach some pictures to show you what I mean. If you tape the vacuum bag to the bottom of the substrate glass you should still be able to get a good vacuum seal. However, make sure you have plenty of vacuum bag so the vacuum tape is not likely to flow and stick to the shelf in the oven. Alternatively, you could place the substrate glass on some sort of small platform on the shelf of the oven so neither the bottom of the substrate glass, the vacuum bag, nor the vacuum tape would touch the bottom of the oven.

4. I'm going to buy some butcher paper so you all can place paper between the modules when you put them in the box. You'll have to cut the roll into rectangles. I would also recommend taping down the tabs of your modules so they don't accidentally break off and so you don't have to worry about the tabs ripping through the butcher paper and scratching the module next to it when they are in the box. You can use the green silicone tape to tape down the tabs. We have a lot of it and I don't think it will leave a residue. The green tape is now in a rolling cart near the large roll of vacuum bag, but I'll also leave a few rolls on your rack. If you fold the tape on itself at the end of the tape it will make it easy to take off the tape when we are finished. Take a look at the modules in the box to see what I mean.

5\)  Let me know if the right hand oven door gives you all troubles. I replaced the handle with a new homemade, but it is still not like new. There is one more modification that I can make for you all if the top of the oven door doesn't latch consistently.

6. I'm going to put the big sheets of substrate glass behind the oven so no one breaks them.&#x20;
