# SSCP - 2013_01_19

# 2013_01_19

We are moving towards the next stage of the array team where we are done with the design, and now we need to begin manufacturing modules. We have divided the array team into two groups. Please let me know if I got your preference wrong.

Monday Evening Group: Amy, Erin, Matthew, and Guillermo has agreed to meet at 5pm on Mondays to make arrays

Saturday Group: Yuki, Miraj, and Lissette  has agreed to meet at noon on Saturday to make arrays

Toby will be at both meetings to answer questions. 

See you soon!

Toby

=======================================

Notes from the January 19 meeting

- We had 8 people at today's meeting

Lissette, (leaves at 3) lissette@stanford.edu

Guillermo (leaves at 4) ggomez2@stanford.edu 

Yuki

Miraj (leaves at 5)

Amy (leaves at 3)

Matthew (leaves at 3)

Erin

Toby

We were done at 6:15 pm and started at 11:45. We made two modules. The things that we tried to improve on from last meeting was

- Less wrinkling on the modules to do this, we taped the peel-ply on both sides with a continuous strip, instead of taping at just four corners.  

The first module wasn't very good. Lots of wrinkles. It's likely because we pulled off the vacuum bag at 55 or 60C. I suspect that the thermal stress between the FEP and EVA caused a rapid contraction of the EVA and wrinkled the FEP. Also, some of the cells were touching each other.

For the next module, we had less wrinkling. Because we let the array cool to 35C, I think this helped. Next time, I think we can make things better by letting the module cool in the oven  and that this will prevent the wrinkling. We could also try to put tape around all 4 edges instead of just 2. 

