# 3m

## SSCP - 3M

## 3M

### Items to add for 2014 3M sponsorship request

* High temp acrylic tape
* Gloves
* Masks
* Clean room tape&#x20;
* Really wide VHB for battery pack
* Waterproofing silicon spray&#x20;
* Epoxy pneumatic applicator gun
* Aerospace bondo
* A lot more masking tape
* CONFOR Foams&#x20;
* 4' wide kapton tape
* 1" wide kapton tape

High temp acrylic tape

Gloves

Masks

Clean room tape&#x20;

Really wide VHB for battery pack

Waterproofing silicon spray&#x20;

Epoxy pneumatic applicator gun

Aerospace bondo

A lot more masking tape

CONFOR Foams&#x20;

4' wide kapton tape

1" wide kapton tape

Let Wesley know if you want to add items to this list. He has the master copy.

### New process for requesting a 3M sponsorship.

Hi Jeff -- It appears that Barbara provided you with the SAE car list and not the solar car list.  Attached is the solar car list: &#x20;

Stanford should start with the above solar car listing by indicating what products on that list they need and in what qty.  For any products needed not on the above list, they should complete the attached spreadsheet providing as much info as they can:

Hi Wesley - Please see above regarding requesting product for your solar vehicle project.  Product donations for 2012 are now closed so this donation will be processed in first quarter of 2013.

Please follow the instructions below to submit your on line product donation request:

To obtain your account information and instructions for completing the on-line application, you will need to FILL IN THE ORGANIZATION INFORMATION BELOW AND THEN FORWARD THIS EMAIL TO:

cgsupport@cybergrants.com

[cgsupport@cybergrants.com](mailto:cgsupport@cybergrants.com)

&#x20;Your request MUST include the following:

&#x20;            Your name

&#x20;        Your email address

&#x20;        Your organization's legal name

&#x20;        Your organization's address, city, state and zip code

&#x20;        Your organization's telephone number

&#x20;        Your organization’s fax number

&#x20;         Your organization’s Tax ID# (or NCES # if you are a school)

&#x20;                 (If you do not know your school's NCES information, please visit the NCES website at http://nces.ed.gov/globallocator/)

[http://nces.ed.gov/globallocator/](http://nces.ed.gov/globallocator/)

Within 2 business days, you will receive an email reply from cgsupport@cybergrants.com with detailed instructions.   We recommend you request your account information as soon as possible.

[cgsupport@cybergrants.com](mailto:cgsupport@cybergrants.com)

Thank you.

Jill Sjodin

Coordinator, Product Donations

3M Community Affairs

\----- Forwarded by GiftInKind/US-Corporate/3M/US on 10/22/2012 11:14 AM -----

Barbara Kaufmann/US-Corporate/3M/US

10/20/2012 06:42 AM

To

cc

Subject

Jeffrey P. Tane/US-Corporate/3M/US@3M-Corporate

GiftInKind/US-Corporate/3M/US@3M-Corporate

Re: Fw: Phone Message - 3M and Solar CarLink

[Link](3m.md)

### Follow up email instructions:

Thank you for your inquiry.

3M has invited your organization to submit an on-line grant application.  Your request will be reviewed and screened against 3M Foundation guidelines and emphasis. &#x20;

Giving guidelines and the on-line application can be found at http://www.3MGiving.com

[http://www.3MGiving.com](http://www.3mgiving.com/)

o    On the right hand side of the screen, in the 'Nonprofit Center' select "Apply and Verify"

o    Under 'Invited Requests' select "Product Donations"

o    Select  "Standard Product Donation"   &#x20;

o    Login:

E-mail Address                                             contactsolarcar@lists.stanford.edu

[ contactsolarcar@lists.stanford.edu](mailto:contactsolarcar@lists.stanford.edu)

Temporary (Current) Password                Y42LAH9T5R                (case sensitive)

Invitation Code                                          6485BPA92T                (case sensitive)

o    At the password reset screen, please enter the temporary password above in the Current Password field. You will then need to enter your desired password in the next two fields.

o    When the Welcome Page appears, scroll down to the bottom of the page and click on "Start a New Application"

o    Follow the instructions to complete the application

o    When it is complete, click Save, then Submit

o    Once submitted to 3M, you can no longer make changes to the application

o    You will receive an e-mail confirming 3M received your application.

The application consists of three parts and each must be completed:

o    Information about your organization

o    Contact information for the individual requesting the grant

o    Product request

HELPFUL TIPS

The application may be saved and completed at another time.  To access and continue working on a saved application, follow the log-in procedure noted above and enter your password and Invitation Code each time.  Past requests will be noted.  Click on the "Continue" link next to the saved application.

If you receive a message that says "3M is not accepting applications," return to the login screen and enter the Invitation Code. &#x20;

You may answer the questions in a Word document, then cut and paste the information into the application.

If you have questions, click on the "Need Support?" link at the bottom of each page of the application where you will also find FAQ's, 3M Help Line contact information and Technical Support.

We appreciate your interest in 3M and look forward to reviewing your request.

Thank you,

Dave

CyberGrants Support

### New 3M Password

Username

contactsolarcar@lists.stanford.edu

[contactsolarcar@lists.stanford.edu](mailto:contactsolarcar@lists.stanford.edu)

Password: s0larpower

#### Embedded Google Drive File

Google Drive File: [Embedded Content](https://drive.google.com/embeddedfolderview?id=1XKPXuNWqugIaynNSLkoYarX-cjMsmC3x#list)
